hey guys are all doing double for anime
or my second channel no more today I'm
gonna be talking a couple different
things that start off with the attack on
titan interview recently if you have not
heard the author of attack on titan
basically said that he's going to be
changing the ending because of the
recent popularity that the anime has
brought and you can look at this a
couple of different ways you could look
at it like okay i'm pretty sure the
author knows what he's doing I mean he's
the author of the story and then you can
look at it like if he's going to change
what he originally set out to do that
that's not a good thing because judging
by the quality of this story him him
straying off that path would not be a
good thing and I'm kind of in the middle
here because I feel as if the author
knows what what he wants to do but at
the same time I don't even know if the
companies will let him do what he needs
to do because a lot of times they'll
force him to milk it attack on Titans
gotten so big to the point where he
doesn't really hold all the rights to
the story he can easily get called up
and say yo um you think you could
continue this ship for about 30 more
chapters and then it's going to keep
going on and on and on and that's how
stories like Pokemon army because they
start good and then and then fucking
people keep hitting them kill yo the the
little five year olds want that shit and
they keep fucking it just goes crazy but
I want to attack on titan to have an
attack on titan ending meaning i want
the ending to fit what we have gotten up
until this point in the story i want the
ending to be gory suspenseful a lot of
action a lot of craziness twists and
turns curveballs if we don't get that
and we get some half-assed filler
bullshit ending that's not a good thing
and that will really demean the quality
of the story and what it set out to do
as a whole because this stories like
this only come around once a decade and
for him to ruin the story because of
numbers rising up does he want to be
known as the guy that fucking just sold
out or does he want to be known for
making an amazing story and Finn
Shane off an amazing story with an
amazing ending and that's really where
we just have to sit and wait and find
out where he takes a story in the next
five years or so um you know I really
hope this story does not get milked I
hope we get an amazing ending to this
amazing story but I don't know where
it's going to turn out um we have about
50 chapters left or so so I mean it's
really just a ride from there next let's
talk about the kakashi on booth special
for those that don't know we will be
getting a special regarding Kakashi and
has passed as an ANBU black ops member
and potentially like where he learned a
lot of his techniques and stuff like
that now I'm really excited for this
don't get me wrong I've been super hyped
I've been thinking about how great this
could turn out to be but at the same
time like what if this is like the start
of like a season a fucking filler and
I'm like no no that's gonna be bad
because no no fucking filler can account
for 10 weeks of filler you know doesn't
matter if this Kakashi filler ends up
being God like if the next ten weeks are
filler after that that's gonna suck need
your dick now what I'm expecting with
the actual Kakashi ANBU black ops filler
I'm pretty sure that they're gonna
they're gonna solely focus on his
missions as an ANBU black ops member and
you know what if we get to see some of
his rivalries like with past ninja
that's going to be fucking crazy um yo
man like Akashi versus like guy and
their prime imagine some of that shit
man but it's mostly going to be focused
on ANBU black ops stuff so I highly
doubt we're going to get that um so
really that's all we have for that and
last but not least I wanted to talk a
little bit about trust and betrayal the
ova the rurouni kenshin ova now I
recently just finished watching it and I
thought it was fucking beautiful it was
amazing it was one of the best pieces of
work i have ever seen I've ever laid my
eyes on and the reason for that is just
because it was so well written only
pretty much get tensions whole life
story of how he turned out to be
basically that wand
at first he was not like that he was
just kind of like the arrogance got to
him almost in a way like he's been
leading this lifestyle for so long and
while he doesn't really like to kill her
or necessarily want to kill is just kind
of like the way he lives and oh man it
gets really emotional especially with
all of that bitch shit and on that story
not only made me depressed because I
felt bad for tension and his lover which
I'm not going to spoil what happened her
but it also made me depressed in the
fact that how come no bitches nowadays
that loyal alright I am being I mean
completely legit like one of my biggest
fears in life is that I won't end up
with the bitch I want to end up with and
I mean like I'll end up with some like
bitch has 10 10 motherfucker and if
that's oh man that's gonna be terrible
imma be like sleeping bitch gonna be
throwing who knows I'm here some shit
while I'm sleeping but no in reality
like I really hope I end up with someone
that I fucking like really love being
with like a female with big ass hits a
big-ass but and an awesome personality
that has some kind of basic
understanding of my emotions as a
recluse well I'm not a complete recluse
but you guys know what i mean so it's
like royal bitches from back in the day
like they didn't they didn't have
anything to do like women's race was not
even a thing so they had to pretty much
late lead the lives of their husbands
and nowadays is like you don't really
have that you got a pretty much make do
with what you have like if you um get
into a relationship with a female you
have to pretty much split up your life
to her you know back in the day wasn't
like that like the female was fucking
like your property and shit and I'm not
trying to be misogynistic or anything
like that I'm just basically saying how
lifestyles were led females were at home
whereas men were out there working so
it's like will I be able to lead the
life I want to live with a female that's
that's the big question with an awesome
female that I like you know that's the
best of the present you like catching up
mad bitches I'm I don't the sand though
hope you guys enjoy this little weird
ass video on and I'll see you guys later